{"overview": ["Device drivers literally drive everything you're interested in\u2014disks, monitors, keyboards, modems\u2014everything outside the computer chip and memory. And writing device drivers is one of the few areas of programming for the Linux operating system that calls for unique, Linux-specific knowledge. For years now, programmers have relied on the classic Linux Device Drivers from O'Reilly to master this critical subject. Now in its third edition, this bestselling guide provides all the information you'll need to write drivers for a wide range of devices.Over the years the book has helped countless programmers learn:\n\nhow to support computer peripherals under the Linux operating system\nhow to develop and write software for new hardware under Linux\nthe basics of Linux operation even if they are not expecting to write a driver\n\nThe new edition of Linux Device Drivers is better than ever. The book covers all the significant changes to Version 2.6 of the Linux kernel, which simplifies many activities, and contains subtle new features that can make a driver both more efficient and more flexible. Readers will find new chapters on important types of drivers not covered previously, such as consoles, USB drivers, and more.Best of all, you don't have to be a kernel hacker to understand and enjoy this book. All you need is an understanding of the C programming language and some background in Unix system calls. And for maximum ease-of-use, the book uses full-featured examples that you can compile and run without special hardware.Today Linux holds fast as the most rapidly growing segment of the computer market and continues to win over enthusiastic adherents in many application areas. With this increasing support, Linux is now absolutely mainstream, and viewed as a solid platform for embedded systems. If you're writing device drivers, you'll want this book. In fact, you'll wonder how drivers are ever written without it."], "title": ["Linux Device Drivers"], "details": ["ISBN-13: 9780596005900", "Publisher: O'Reilly Media, Incorporated", "Publication date: 2/14/2005", "Edition description: Third Edition", "Edition number: 3", "Pages: 640", "Sales rank: 485386", "Product dimensions: 7.00 (w) x 9.19 (h) x 1.30 (d)"], "authors": ["Jonathan Corbet", "Alessandro Rubini", "Greg Kroah-Hartman"]}