{"overview": ["Announcing an all-new SELF-PACED TRAINING KIT designed to help maximize your performance on 70-686, the required exam for the MCITP: Windows 7, Desktop Administrator certification. This 2-in-1 kit includes the official Microsoft\u00ae study guide, plus practice tests on CD to help you assess your skills. It comes packed with the tools and features exam candidates want most-including in-depth, self-paced training based on final exam content; rigorous, objective-by-objective review; exam tips from expert, exam-certified authors; and customizable testing options. It also provides real-world scenarios, case study examples, and labs to build the skills and expertise you can use on the job. Topics include planning and managing a client life-cycle strategy, designing a standard image and client configurations, planning Windows 7 client deployment, managing application compatibility, and identifying and resolving issues with deployment and configuration. Work at your own pace through the lessons and lab exercises. Then assess yourself using the 200 practice questions on CD, featuring multiple customizable testing options to meet your specific needs. Choose timed or untimed testing mode, generate random tests, or focus on discrete objectives. You get detailed explanations for right and wrong answers-including pointers back to the book for further study. You also get an exam discount voucher-making this kit an exceptional value and a great career investment.\nA Note Regarding Practice Tests\nAssess your skills with practice tests. You can work through hundreds of questions using multiple testing modes to meet your specific learning needs. You get detailed explanations for right and wrong answers\u2014including a customized learning path that describes how and where to focus your studies."], "title": ["MCITP Self-Paced Training Kit (Exam 70-686): Windows 7 Desktop Administrator"], "details": ["ISBN-13: 9780735627178", "Publisher: Microsoft Press", "Publication date: 10/20/2010", "Pages: 592", "Sales rank: 286288", "Product dimensions: 7.30 (w) x 9.00 (h) x 1.60 (d)"], "authors": ["Craig Zacker", "Orin Thomas"]}