{"overview": ["This is the third edition of David Powers' highly-respected PHP Solutions: Dynamic Web Design Made Easy. This new edition has been updated by David to incorporate changes to PHP since the second edition and to offer the latest techniques\u2014a classic guide modernized for 21st century PHP techniques, innovations, and best practices.\nYou want to make your websites more dynamic by adding a feedback form, creating a private area where members can upload images that are automatically resized, or perhaps storing all your content in a database. The problem is, you're not a programmer and the thought of writing code sends a chill up your spine. Or maybe you've dabbled a bit in PHP and MySQL, but you can't get past baby steps. If this describes you, then you've just found the right book. PHP and the MySQL database are deservedly the most popular combination for creating dynamic websites. They're free, easy to use, and provided by many web hosting companies in their standard packages.\nUnfortunately, most PHP books either expect you to be an expert already or force you to go through endless exercises of little practical value. In contrast, this book gives you real value right away through a series of practical examples that you can incorporate directly into your sites, optimizing performance and adding functionality such as file uploading, email feedback forms, image galleries, content management systems, and much more. Each solution is created with not only functionality in mind, but also visual design.\nBut this book doesn't just provide a collection of ready-made scripts: each PHP Solution builds on what's gone before, teaching you the basics of PHP and database design quickly and painlessly. By the end of the book, you'll have the confidence to start writing your own scripts or\u2014if you prefer to leave that task to others\u2014to adapt existing scripts to your own requirements. Right from the start, you're shown how easy it is to protect your sites by adopting secure coding practices.\nWhat you\u2019ll learn\n\nUpdates to the second edition with the latest PHP techniques for modern, dynamic web design\nCreate dynamic websites with design and usability in mind, as well as functionality\nUnderstand how PHP scripts work, giving you confidence to adapt them to your own needs\nBring online forms to life, check required fields, and ensure user input is safe to process\nUpload files and automatically create thumbnails from larger images\nManage website content with a searchable database\n\nWho this book is for\nThis is a \"must have\" reference book for any Web developer using PHP scripting language. If you are new to dynamic web design with PHP, then David will introduce you to the core techniques and methods for dynamic PHP web sites, ready for the 21st century! If you have read either of the earlier editions, then this update will bring you the latest PHP techniques and best practices."], "title": ["PHP Solutions: Dynamic Web Design Made Easy"], "details": ["ISBN-13: 9781590597316", "Publisher: Apress", "Publication date: 11/9/2006", "Edition description: 1st ed. 2006. Corr. 3rd printing 2007", "Edition number: 1", "Pages: 488", "Sales rank: 925239", "Product dimensions: 9.25 (w) x 7.50 (h) x 0.99 (d)"], "authors": ["David Powers"]}